Add hints for using plaintext passwords (#363)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/quick-start-create-task.md

> **Note:**
>

> > You can skip this step if the database does not have a password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> + You can skip this step if the database does not have a password.
```

Author: Why we leave two spaces here?

> > You can use plaintext passwords to configure source information in DM v1.0.6 and later versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> + You can use the plaintext password to configure the source information in DM v1.0.6 and later versions.
```
